8.0b3 installation changes (#342)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/installation.rst

Installation
============

.. note::

   Cylc |release| is a pre release not recommended for production use.

   Please report any issues to the `Cylc 8 Discourse Support Group`_.

Quick Installation
------------------

> Cylc runs on Unix systems including Linux and Mac OS.

Reviewer: Mostly irrelevant.
```suggestion
Cylc runs on Unix-like systems including Linux and Mac OS.
```

Via Conda (recommended)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. code-block:: sub

Reviewer: What is this lexer?

Author: https://cylc.github.io/cylc-sphinx-extensions/extensions/cylc.sphinx_ext.sub_lang.html

(simple lexer that is less likely to produce unexpected highlighting)

   for instructions on enabling SSH.

Advanced Installation
---------------------

For distributed and multi-user installation we recommend using Conda and
installing Cylc components only where required.

.. tip::

>    For example Conda environments and installation options see

Reviewer: IMO slight change is easier to read.
```suggestion
   For examples of Conda environments and installation options see
```
